# Response Essay
  The single most important thing I learned in this experience was what the real software world was like. Working with a goup and a client and haveing to make sure that everyone understood what was going on was eye opening. I learned the importance of lots of programming conventions that before I thought were a bit tedious. Things like commenting what each function does or naming variables accurately and descriptively instead of just a single letter became necessary when my collegues were looking over what I did. The most useful tools for this project that I developed in college were how to get things done. That when it came down to the wire and the clock was ticking, there was an amount of detemination and focus needed to stay on task and not on the deadline. This calm became necessary several times over teh course of the project as various aspects were tougher than originally anticipated. I encountered serveral challenges in this experience. Cheif among them was a variable schedule that greatly impacted my daily routine. The life I led the semester I took this course was not beneificial to the progress of the project. Lots of late nights and poor time management made the project harder and more confusing than it needed to be. I would like to continue to strengthen myself in the areas of understanding and reading code. I found that I was often struggling understanding what my groupmates had written and spent much linger than I felt I should have analyzing their code instead of writing my own. Through this expeience I learned that I function best in a strict setting with a regular schedule in my life. The very loose scheduling by the group and my personal failings in my lifestyle led to uneccesary hardship though this process. This experience has not changed my post graduation plans other than to reinforce that I need to make sure I go to bed on time and stick to a routine that is productive and beneficial to my work. 
